so what we're going to do now is a very
famous family dish called shepherd's pie
and in my bowl here I've got some cooked
mince it's been cooked with onions and
flavorings but I didn't cook it and
actually it came from here and it's got
75% meat in it and I know you're not
going to believe it but the proof of the
pudding is in the eating so when you
taste it you'll know it's okay what I've
got here is a large onion chopped and
I've got 175 grams of this which is
really prepared Sweden carrots and
they've been cooking for about 10
minutes that's going to now go in to
join the cooked mince with a little bit
more flavoring which will be some
cinnamon a little bit of cinnamon which
is a tip I got from Greek cooking when
they cook lamb in Greece they make
moussaka they put a little bit of
cinnamon and it's really nice and this
is time teaspoon of thyme just mix that
together and then that's going to go
into the same kind of dish that we had
before
so here we go again and dare I say it
easy as pie on top of the potatoes we
can have leeks because this makes the
topping really special now I've got some
prepared leeks I just wanted to have a
word in case you're new to cooking how
to prepare a leek we've got two medium
leeks like this and what you do is you
make a slit with your knife a little way
down like that and then you fan it out
under a cold running tap just in case
there's any dust and then chop it quite
finely and that leek is now going to go
on top of the potatoes and here we are
three tablespoons of strong grated
cheddar which I'm just going to spread
over the leeks and then that's going to
go in the same temperature oven and cook
in about the same time as the fish pie
and there we are
shepherd's pie